Work I'm back in this video.
I have a little challenge for you.
So for the next few videos you should pretty much create a student manager which contains a bunch of
students and their names.
And of course also their major or the subject that they study.
So pretty much the same thing that we have here you should have a table here table widget.
Then you should have two buttons here instead of one.
They should be next to each other and the user interface should be similar to what we have here where
you can drag it to a certain way and it's still going to look OK or pretty good and the left button
should be a safe button and the right button should be a real button where you can pretty much add a
new row to your table here and the table should be populated based on a c v file.
So you will need this is the module and it should pretty much reach a file which looks similar to what
we have here.
John Doe informatics Michael Moore mathematics and those kind of things so should pretty much read that
populate the table.
And then once we make a change in the table and pressed save the C's the file should be updated.
So you will need to figure out how to read data from your table.
You can of course use the documentation for that but I will also give you some more hints in the next
video so if you feel like checking out the documentation you can skip the hints or skip the next video.
And if you want to see that you can of course check out the video for some more hints.
All right.
So good luck with this exercise and see you in the simple solution with your.
Well if you can do it easily then you can of course skip those as well.
So see you in the next video.